Create Development Kitchen (#963)
guardian/source: src/kitchen/README.md

Owners are defined in the [CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/guardian/source/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS) file in the GitHub repo.

Changes to components should be coordinated with their owners.

## Evolution

Changes to kitchen components are to be expected. Components in the kitchen should be considered experimental and likely to change in ways that break things.

Owners of kitchen components have visibility over where they are currently being used. Owners should notify consumers of their component that changes are being considered, to ensure everyone is kept in the loop. This could happen at the pull request stage.

Components that are valuable may be promoted to stable. In order to achieve this, the component must meet Source’s [acceptance criteria](https://theguardian.design/2a1e5182b/p/11c92e-acceptance-criteria). The best way to meet these is for developers to work in close collaboration with design and UX when building and evolving a component. Not all code components have an equivalent in Figma, but components should express some pattern, rule or aspect of design that is governed by Source.

## Publishing

> The Development Kitchen is published as it's own package, independent of the stable components in the `@guardian/source-react` package. This:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Development Kitchen is published as it's own package, independent of the stable components in the `@guardian/src-*` packages. This:
```
